docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, before:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `csi_cloudscale`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-csi-cloudscale`

The namespace in which to install the driver.
Unless `kube-system` is chosen, the component will take ownership of the namespace.
In K8s prior to 1.17, the driver won't run in namespaces other than `kube-system`.
This is because the priority class `system-cluster-critical` is only available to pods in namespace `kube-system`.
See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/#limit-priority-class-consumption-by-default[the Kubernetes priority class consumption] documentation for instructions on how to allow the driver to run in a namespace other than `kube-system`.

== `version`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `v3.1.0`

Version of the driver to install.
See https://github.com/cloudscale-ch/csi-cloudscale/releases[available versions].


=== `enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: boolean
default:: `true`

Switch to enable or disable the component. See https://github.com/projectsyn/commodore/issues/71[this issue] for further details.


=== `api_token`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: Vault reference

Cloudscale API token to be used by the CSI driver.
This should be a reference to a secret in Vault instead of the plaintext token.


=== `fs_type`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: ext4

The filesystem type used in the storage classes.

Commit message:

Document possible compatibility issues
Signed-off-by: Manuel Hutter <manuel@hutter.io>

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, after:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `csi_cloudscale`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-csi-cloudscale`

The namespace in which to install the driver.
Unless `kube-system` is chosen, the component will take ownership of the namespace.
In K8s prior to 1.17, the driver won't run in namespaces other than `kube-system`.
This is because the priority class `system-cluster-critical` is only available to pods in namespace `kube-system`.
See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/#limit-priority-class-consumption-by-default[the Kubernetes priority class consumption] documentation for instructions on how to allow the driver to run in a namespace other than `kube-system`.

== `version`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `v3.1.0`

Version of the driver to install.
See https://github.com/cloudscale-ch/csi-cloudscale/releases[available versions].
See https://github.com/cloudscale-ch/csi-cloudscale#kubernetes-compatibility[Kubernetes compatibility] to choose the right version for your cluster.


=== `enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: boolean
default:: `true`

Switch to enable or disable the component. See https://github.com/projectsyn/commodore/issues/71[this issue] for further details.


=== `api_token`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: Vault reference

Cloudscale API token to be used by the CSI driver.
This should be a reference to a secret in Vault instead of the plaintext token.


=== `fs_type`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: ext4

The filesystem type used in the storage classes.
