docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-1.x-to-2.x.adoc, before:

= Upgrade from 1.x to 2.x

This guide describes the steps to perform an upgrade of the component from version 1.x to 2.x.

====
Requirements

* `commodore`
* `kubectl`
* `shell`
====

== Step-by-step guide

The essential part of the upgrade is the renaming of the provisioner name from `ch.cloudscale.csi` to `csi.cloudscale.ch`.
This implies that all `PersistentVolumes` require a changed annotation and all `StorageClasses` need to be recreated with the new provisioner name.

The upgrade itself does not affect the data path, so applications should not experience IO interrupts during the upgrade.
However, during the upgrade, volume provisioning and volume changes might not work for short periods of time, so it's strongly recommended to perform the upgrade during off hours.
To minimize the visible impact of the upgrade, all steps should be done together.

. Change the provisioner annotation for all volumes from `ch.cloudscale.csi` to `csi.cloudscale.ch`:
+
[source,bash]
----
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudscale-ch/csi-cloudscale/master/scripts/fix-annotation.sh
chmod +x fix-annotation.sh
./fix-annotation.sh migrate
rm fix-annotation.sh
----
+
. Update the component:
+
[source,yaml]
----
parameters:
  components:
    csi-cloudscale:
      version: v2.0.0
----
+
. Compile and push the catalog
+
. Delete existing csi-cloudscale storage classes
+
[source,bash]
----
oc delete sc bulk bulk-encrypted ssd ssd-encrypted
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The storageclasses are part of the component and will be recreated using the new parameters.
Kubernetes does not allow to change the provisioner after creating the object, so the storageclass objects have to be recreated.
====

Commit message:

Add Kubernetes version warning into the 1.x to 2.x how-to

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-1.x-to-2.x.adoc, after:

= Upgrade from 1.x to 2.x

This guide describes the steps to perform an upgrade of the component from version 1.x to 2.x.

[WARNING]
====
Before upgrading to version 2.x, please ensure that your Kubernetes cluster is running the version https://github.com/cloudscale-ch/csi-cloudscale#kubernetes-compatibility[1.17 or later].
====

====
Requirements

* `commodore`
* `kubectl`
* `shell`
====

== Step-by-step guide

The essential part of the upgrade is the renaming of the provisioner name from `ch.cloudscale.csi` to `csi.cloudscale.ch`.
This implies that all `PersistentVolumes` require a changed annotation and all `StorageClasses` need to be recreated with the new provisioner name.

The upgrade itself does not affect the data path, so applications should not experience IO interrupts during the upgrade.
However, during the upgrade, volume provisioning and volume changes might not work for short periods of time, so it's strongly recommended to perform the upgrade during off hours.
To minimize the visible impact of the upgrade, all steps should be done together.

. Change the provisioner annotation for all volumes from `ch.cloudscale.csi` to `csi.cloudscale.ch`:
+
[source,bash]
----
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudscale-ch/csi-cloudscale/master/scripts/fix-annotation.sh
chmod +x fix-annotation.sh
./fix-annotation.sh migrate
rm fix-annotation.sh
----
+
. Update the component:
+
[source,yaml]
----
parameters:
  components:
    csi-cloudscale:
      version: v2.0.0
----
+
. Compile and push the catalog
+
. Delete existing csi-cloudscale storage classes
+
[source,bash]
----
oc delete sc bulk bulk-encrypted ssd ssd-encrypted
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The storageclasses are part of the component and will be recreated using the new parameters.
Kubernetes does not allow to change the provisioner after creating the object, so the storageclass objects have to be recreated.
====
